feat: Update Elixir docs to correlate with v2.0.0 launch (#13015)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/feature-flags-code/_snippets/feature-flags-code-elixir.mdx

> `PostHog.FeatureFlags.check/2` is the main function for checking a feature flag in Elixir.
> More documentation can be found in the [HexPM Docs](https://hexdocs.pm/posthog/PostHog.FeatureFlags.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PostHog.FeatureFlags.check/2` is the main function for checking a feature flag in Elixir. More documentation on it can be found in the [HexPM Docs](https://hexdocs.pm/posthog/PostHog.FeatureFlags.html).
```

#### Boolean feature flags

```elixir
iex> PostHog.FeatureFlags.check("example-feature-flag-1", "user123")
{:ok, true}
```

It will attempt to take `distinct_id` from the context if it's not provided.

```elixir
iex> PostHog.set_context(%{distinct_id: "user123"})
:ok
iex> PostHog.FeatureFlags.check("example-feature-flag-1")
{:ok, true}
```

#### Multivariate feature flags

```elixir
iex> PostHog.FeatureFlags.check("example-feature-flag-1", "user123")
{:ok, "variant2"}
```

### Errors

We'll return an error if the feature flag doesn't exist.

```elixir
iex> PostHog.FeatureFlags.check("example-feature-flag-3", "user123")
{:error, %PostHog.UnexpectedResponseError{message: "Feature flag example-feature-flag-3 was not found in the response", response: ...}}
```

> You can also use `PostHog.FeatureFlags.check!/2` if you're feeling adventurous/running a script if you'd prefer errors to be raised instead.

Reviewer: I sort of don't understand the last bit of this sentence
```suggestion
You can also use `PostHog.FeatureFlags.check!/2` if you're feeling adventurous or running a script and prefer errors to be raised instead.
```
